d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.dll.mdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.FEAGMENT.apk
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.FEAGMENT-Signed.apk
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\FEAGMENT.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\FEAGMENT.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\android\bin\FEAGMENT.FEAGMENT.apk
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\a.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\b.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\c.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\d.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\e.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tababoutus.png
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tabconfigicon.png
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tablatestalert.png
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tabrecommd.png
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tabsearch.png
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\selector_tab.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\values\colors.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_bottom_in.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_left_in.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_left_out.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right_in.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right_out.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_top_out.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\layout1.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.dll
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.pdb
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.FEAGMENT.apk
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.FEAGMENT-Signed.apk
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\FEAGMENT.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\FEAGMENT.dll
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\FEAGMENT.pdb
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\android\bin\FEAGMENT.FEAGMENT.apk
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\a.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\b.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\c.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\d.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\e.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\layout1.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tababoutus.png
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tabconfigicon.png
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tablatestalert.png
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tabrecommd.png
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tabsearch.png
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\drawable\selector_tab.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\values\colors.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_bottom_in.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_left_in.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_left_out.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right_in.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right_out.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_top_out.xml
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\obj\Debug\FEAGMENT.dll.mdb
E:\xamarin\FEAGMENT\FEAGMENT\bin\Debug\FEAGMENT.dll.mdb
